chore: improves readme (#47)
OffchainLabs/Orbit-retryable-tracker: packages/batch-poster-monitor/README.md

# Batch Poster Monitor

> For installation and general configuration, see the [main README](../../README.md).

## Overview

> The Batch Poster Monitor ensures reliable L2->L1 data availability by tracking batch posting performance, data compression, and poster account balance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Batch Poster Monitor tracks batch posting performance, data compression, and poster account balance.
```
Edit as you see fit.

## Command-Line Interface

```bash
yarn batch-poster-monitor [options]

Monitor batch posting activity on Arbitrum chains

Options:
  --help             Show help                         [boolean]
  --version          Show version number               [boolean]
  --configPath       Path to config file               [string] [default: "config.json"]
  --enableAlerting   Enable Slack alerts               [boolean] [default: false]

Examples:
  yarn batch-poster-monitor                            Run with default config
  yarn batch-poster-monitor --enableAlerting           Enable Slack notifications
  yarn batch-poster-monitor --configPath=custom.json   Use custom config file

Environment Variables:
  BATCH_POSTER_MONITORING_SLACK_TOKEN    Slack API token for alerts
  BATCH_POSTER_MONITORING_SLACK_CHANNEL  Slack channel for alerts
```

## Monitor Details

> The Batch Poster Monitor is crucial for ensuring that L2 transaction data is reliably posted to L1, maintaining the chain's data availability guarantees. It monitors the batch posting process, which involves compressing L2 transaction data and submitting it to the L1 chain, while also tracking the batch poster's account balance to ensure uninterrupted operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Batch Poster Monitor is crucial for ensuring that transaction data is reliably posted to the parent chain, maintaining the chain's data availability guarantees. It monitors the batch posting process, which involves compressing transaction data and submitting it to the parent chain, while also tracking the batch poster's account balance to ensure uninterrupted operation.
```
